
1st when start git bash command
	git status

2nd and then when project is complet run 
	git add .

3rd after add set commit. so run,
	git commit -m "name"

4th and then push the file to git. so run,
	git push -u origin master


5th for check commit run 
	git log

6th if you want to pull file from git hub. so run,
	git pull (name of the remote) (name of the branch)

7th when you need to add new repository, run this
	1st :- 	git init
	2nd :-	git add .
	3rd :-	git commit -m "name"
	4th :- 	git branch -M "Name shown in repository's code"
	5th :-	git remote add (name of the remote) (ssh link of the repository)
	6th :- 	git push -u (name of the remote) (name of the branch)

8th you want to know the change of the file simpaly run,
	git diff (name of the file)

9th if you add a file and want to deselect file then run this to reset the file
	git reset (name of the file)
	

10th if you want to check out file then run (in this you will get back your old file)
	:- {if you want check out only selected file then run}
		git checkout (name of file)
	:- {if you want to check out all files then run}
		git checkout .

11th if you want to clone any repository then do this
	:- {select the folder you want to clone file then open git bash and run this}
		git clone (ssh link of any repo. you want to clone)

							-:: about branch ::-
12th for add new branch run
	git branch (name of the branch)
ex.	git branch login-system

13th for switch branch run
	git checkout (name of the branch you want to go)
ex. 	git checkout login-system

14th for check available branch run
	git branch

15th for merge branch run
	git merge (name of the another you want to merge)
ex.
	if you are in master branch run
	git merge login-system
	
	if you are in login-system branch run
	git merge master
							-:: about delete branch ::-

16th if you want to delete any branch then run
	git branch -d (name of the branch)
ex.
	git branch -d login-system

17th when you delete any branch that branch can't delete from git page,
	so if you want to delete branch from git hub through remote then run,
	
	git push (name of the remote) --delete (name of the branch)
ex.
	git push origin --delete login-system 